**Aponte Rolón, B.** (2023 June). *Oral Presentation*: "Foliar fungal
symbionts in sympatric yellow monkeyflowers along an elevational gradient".
Evolution 2023, Albuquerque, NM.

**Aponte Rolón, B.** (2023 March). *Poster*: "The Influence of host genotype
and leaf trait plasticity on foliar fungal endophytes of yellow monkeyflowers
in Yosemite National Park, CA". Collaborators: Kathleen Ferris & Sunshine Van
Bael. Tulane Research, Innovation, and Creativity Summit (TRICS), Jung Hotel
Grand Hall, New Orleans, LA.

**Aponte Rolón, B.** (2022 July). *Oral Presentation*: "Interactions between
functional leaf traits and foliar endophytes in the defense against natural
enemies of tropical trees" (ID: 358). The 58th Meeting of the Association for
Tropical Biology and Conservation (ATBC 2022), Cartagena de Indias, Colombia.

**Aponte Rolón, B.** (2022 May). *Poster*: "The Influence of host genotype and
leaf trait plasticity on foliar fungal endophytes of yellow monkeyflowers in
Yosemite National Park, CA". Collaborators: Kathleen Ferris & Sunshine Van
Bael. Yosemite Symbiosis Workshop. Wawona, CA, USA.

**Aponte Rolón, B.** (2020 July). *Graphical Abstract*: "Investigating
trade-offs and complementarity between functional leaf traits and foliar
endophytic fungi in the defense against plant enemies of tropical woody
plants". Collaborators: A. Elizabeth Arnold, and Sunshine Van Bael. The
Mycological Society of America's First Virtual Meeting, MSA 2020: Mycology
from the Cloud (virtual).

**Aponte Rolón, B.** (2019 May). *Poster*: "Leaf and Root Endophytes of
Mangroves in Southwestern Florida Everglades". Collaborators: Mareli Sánchez
Juliá, Edward Castañeda, John Kominoski, & Sunshine Van Bael. Florida Coastal
Everglades LTER All Scientists Meeting. Fairchild Tropical Botanic Garden,
Miami, Florida.

**Aponte Rolón, B.** (2017 October). *Poster*: "Quality of leaf-litter and ant
assemblages in shade-grown coffee in Chiapas, Mexico", Collaborator: Ivette
Perfecto. Student Conference on Conservation Science-New York (SCCS-NY),
American Museum of Natural History in New York City.

**Aponte Rolón, B.** (2017 July). *Poster*: "Impacts of quality of leaf-litter
on ant assemblages in shade-grown coffee in Chiapas, Mexico", Collaborator:
Ivette Perfecto. 54th Annual Meeting of the Association for Tropical Biology
and Conservation, "Ecological and Social Dimensions of Tropical Biodiversity
Conservation", Merida, Yucatan, Mexico. 

**Aponte Rolón, B.** (2014 May). *Poster*: "El efecto del Curcumin en la
señalización celular de Artritis Psoriática" [The Effect of Curcumin on cell
signaling of Psoriatic Arthritis]. (With Carrero Feliciano, Heysel M.; Hall
Laureano, Stephanie; Montes González, Ingrid, PhD.) Annual poster presentation
of the American Chemical Society, Puerto Rico Chapter, University of Puerto
Rico, Río Piedras Campus, San Juan, Puerto Rico.

